As I was ill and missed my first code review, I'll just be recording my initial development and key changes/errors I encountered this week 
within this text file.

Error 1: Fixing the update_email method for the Client Class.
    My initial method to update client' emails consisted of defining a new_email parameter, to pass the client's new email address into the method, and then using a print statement to confirm the change as seen below.

    Evidence(Code before the Change)
    def update_email (self,new_email):
        print(f"Your email has updated to: {new_email}")

    But what I realised was that the new email address wasn't actually being assigned to the email attribute of Client object. 
    To resolve this I firstly assigned the new_email value to self.email to actually change the email stored within that particular Client object.

    Code after Implementing the Change
    def update_email (self,new_email):
        #Assigning the new email value to self.email to store the new email for that specific Client object.
        self.email = new_email
        print(f"Your email has updated to: {new_email}")
    
    Link to Learning
    This understanding was developed by understanding how the


Change 2: Removing the closing_balance attribute and replacing it with an attribute that stores the account status.

In my initial planning for the Accounts class I decided to implement a closing balance as my chosen additional attribute.
This meant that I would seperate the balance into both a current and closing balance. 
However, after reviewing this and considering what methods I could create with the closing balance, I decided that removing the closing balance attribute and simply updating the current balance according to the user's actions would be less redundant and still perform the same action.
Hence, I removed the closing balance and decided to add an is_active attribute to track the status of the account(active,frozen,cancelled) to ensure that only active accounts could withdraw and deposit amounts to avoid any fraud.



# Focused on using the to string conversion correctly - identified that within the to string method, you shouldn't actually print any statements, and if you include a return statement within the